Feature/wishlist refresh (#10842)
DestinyItemManager/DIM: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Next

> * Added wishlist refresh button. Forcefully reloads each URL'd wishlist
> ** Dev note: GIT Hub can take upwards of 10min to actually reflect your changes. Refreshing won't speed up GIT Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a wishlist refresh button in Settings to help with wishlist development. Note that GitHub can take upwards of 10min to actually reflect your changes. Refreshing won't speed up GitHub.
```
